Add documentation on gradle enterprise integration (#5004)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/community/developer-guide.mdx

Server.builder()
      .serviceUnder("/internal/management/", ManagementService.of());
```

## Integrating with Gradle Enterprise

You may want to integrate your local development environment with [Gradle Enterprise](https://gradle.com/).
By doing so, you may:

1. Visualize and troubleshoot build issues more easily.
2. Experience faster builds due to build caches.

> Let us know at the [Armeria Discord](https://armeria.dev/s/discord) channel, and we'll create an access
> token for you. Afterwards, you may integrate your local environment with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us know at the [Armeria Discord](/s/discord) channel, and we'll create an account
for you. Afterwards, you may integrate your local environment with the following command:
```
